= Changelog

== master

* FIXED: A trivial bug causes the test `test_request_waits_necessary_time_between_requests` to fail in case the subsequent request is sent exactly 1 second after the prior one.

* FIXED: Object#blank? is always redefined regardless already defined before.

* REMOVED: Removed old setup.rb installation method.


== Release 0.3.0

* FIXED: Compatibility fixes for Ruby 1.9. WWW::Delicious is now 100% compatible with 1.9. You should remember to define the proper content encoding with magic comments when working with UTF-8/MultiByte XML or Ruby files, see http://redmine.ruby-lang.org/wiki/ruby-19/ScriptEncoding (closes #142).

* FIXED: Forced Rakefile to require Echoe >= 3.1 to prevent outdated .gemspec files (closes #143).

* CHANGED: Don't use File.dirname(__FILE__) in require statement to prevent recursive inclusions.


== Release 0.2.0

* ADDED: :base_uri initialization option allows to create a new instance specifying a custom base_uri for all API calls. This is useful, for example, if you want to use ma.gno.lia Mirror'd APIs (http://wiki.ma.gnolia.com/Mirror%27d_API) instead the del.icio.us one (thanks to Jörg Battermann).

* ADDED: two new REXML::Element core extension elements to enhance interaction with node elements.

* FIXED: a wrong indentation in README file causes all list items to be rendered as source code.

* FIXED: Missing WWW::Delicious::Bundle#to_s method causes a class ID representation to be returned.

* FIXED: Missing unit tests for post_ calls (closes #18).

* FIXED: Added test for `shared` Post attribute and fixed an issue with duplicate `replace` method definition (closes #11).

* CHANGED: improved documentation and added more examples (closes #21).

* CHANGED: REXML::Element#attribute_value core extension has been renamed to REXML::Element#if_attribute_value.

* CHANGED: Renamed TESTCASE_PATH to TESTCASES_PATH.

* CHANGED: WWW::Delicious::Tag, WWW::Delicious::Bundle, WWW::Delicious::Post now extend WWW::Delicious::Element. Simplified classes.

* CHANGED: WWW::Delicious::Tag#to_s always returns a string even if name is nil.

* CHANGED: WWW::Delicious::Tag :count attribute is now stored and returned as Fixnum instead of String.

* CHANGED: Unit test reorganization (closes #22).

* CHANGED: Simplified and tidyfied test system with Mocha (closes #19).

* CHANGED: Various internal API methods have been renamed for coherence with their new scope.

* CHANGED: Integrated Echoe, cleaned Rakefile (closes #23).


== Release 0.1.0 (2008-05-11)

* Initial public release.
