= WWW::Delicious

WWW::Delicious is a Ruby client for http://del.icio.us XML API.

It provides both read and write functionalities. You can read user Posts, Tags
and Bundles but you can create new Posts, Tags and Bundles as well.


== Authors

{Simone Carletti}[http://www.simonecarletti.com/] <weppos@weppos.net>

If you like this software, please {recommend me}[http://www.workingwithrails.com/person/11967-simone-carletti] at Working with Rails.


== Website

* {Homepage}[http://code.simonecarletti.com/www-delicious]
* {API}[http://www-delicious.rubyforge.org/]


== Source

* {at GitHub}[http://github.com/weppos/www-delicious/]
* {at RubyForge}[http://rubyforge.org/projects/www-delicious/]


== Dependencies

* Ruby 1.8.6


== Download and Installation

RubyGems[http://rubyforge.org/projects/rubygems/] is the preferred easy install method.
To get the latest version, simply type the following instruction into your command prompt:

  $ sudo gem install www-delicious
  
Depending on your system, you might need su privileges.

To install the library manually, downlad the latest version from 
navigate to the root library directory and enter:

  $ sudo ruby setup.rb

If you need the latest development version you can download the source code
from the GIT repositories listed above.
Beware that the code might not as stable as the official release.


== Overview

WWW::Delicious maps all the original del.icio.us API calls and provides some
additional convenient methods to perform common tasks.
Please read the official documentation (http://del.icio.us/help/api/)
to learn more about del.icio.us API.

WWW::Delicious is 100% compatible with all del.icio.us API constraints,
including the requirement to set a valid user agent or wait at least
one second between queries.
Basically, the main benefit from using this library is that you don't need
to take care of all these low level details, if you don't want:
WWW::Delicious will try to give you the most with less efforts.


== Usage

In order to use this library you need a valid del.icio.us account.
Go to http://del.icio.us/ and register for a new account if you don't
already have one.

Then create a valid instance of WWW::Delicious with the account credentials.

  require 'www/delicious'
  
  # create a new instance with given username and password
  d = WWW::Delicious.new('username', 'password')
  
Now you can use your delicious instance to call on of the API methods available.


=== Last account update

The following example show you how to get the last account update Time.

  require 'www/delicious'
  d = WWW::Delicious.new('username', 'password')
  
  time = d.update # => Fri May 02 18:02:48 UTC 2008


=== Reading Posts

You can fetch your posts in 3 different ways:

  require 'www/delicious'
  d = WWW::Delicious.new('username', 'password')

  # 1. get all posts
  posts = d.posts_all
  
  # 2. get recent posts
  posts = d.posts_recent
  
  # 3. get a single post (the latest one if no criteria is given)
  posts = d.posts_get(:tag => 'ruby')

Each post call accepts some options to refine your search.
For example, you can always search for posts matching a specific tag.

  posts = d.posts_all(:tag => 'ruby')
  posts = d.posts_recent(:tag => 'ruby')
  posts = d.posts_get(:tag => 'ruby')


=== Creating a new Post

  require 'www/delicious'
  d = WWW::Delicious.new('username', 'password')
  
  # add a post from options
  d.posts_add(:url => 'http://www.simonecarletti.com/', :title => 'Cool site!')
  
  # add a post from WWW::Delicious::Post
  d.posts_add(WWW::Delicious::Post.new(:url => 'http://www.simonecarletti.com/', :title => 'Cool site!'))


=== Deleting a Posts

  require 'www/delicious'
  d = WWW::Delicious.new('username', 'password')
  
  # delete given post (the URL can be either a string or an URI)
  d.posts_delete('http://www.foobar.com/')

Note. Actually you cannot delete a post from a WWW::Delicious::Post instance.
It means, the following example doesn't work as some ActiveRecord user might expect.

  post = WWW::Delicious::Post.new(:url => 'http://www.foobar.com/')
  post.delete

This feature is already in the TODO list. For now, use the following workaround
to delete a given Post.

  # delete a post from an existing post = WWW::Delicious::Post
  d.posts_delete(post.url)


=== Tags

Working with tags it's really easy. You can get all your tags or rename an existing tag.

  require 'www/delicious'
  d = WWW::Delicious.new('username', 'password')
  
  # get all tags
  tags = d.tags_get
  
  # print all tag names
  tags.each { |t| puts t.name }
  
  # rename the tag gems to gem
  d.tags_rename('gems', 'gem')


=== Bundles

WWW::Delicious enables you to get all bundles from given account.

  require 'www/delicious'
  d = WWW::Delicious.new('username', 'password')
  
  # get all bundles
  bundles = d.bundles_all
  
  # print all bundle names
  bundles.each { |b| puts b.name } 

You can also create new bundles or delete existing ones.

  require 'www/delicious'
  d = WWW::Delicious.new('username', 'password')
  
  # set a new bundle for tags ruby, rails and gem
  d.bundles_set('MyBundle', %w(ruby rails gem))
  
  # delete the old bundle
  d.bundles_delete('OldBundle')


== FeedBack and Bug reports

Feel free to email {Simone Carletti}[mailto:weppos@weppos.net] 
with any questions or feedback.

Please submit your bug reports to the Redmine installation for WWW::Delicious
available at http://code.simonecarletti.com/www-delicious.


== Changelog

See CHANGELOG for details.

